Hi,
everyone, my name is Jordan Yankovich, and welcome to my
course, Coding in AWS Cloud9 IDE. I'm an IT consultant and
software engineer based in Dallas, Texas.
Cloud9 is a cloud‑based integrated development
environment native to the AWS ecosystem.
In this course, we're going to learn how to leverage Cloud9 to read,
write, and debug code with cutting edge functionality directly in a browser.
Some of the major topics we will cover include creating
Cloud9 environments in AWS, how to read,
write, and debug application code directly in Cloud9, providing Cloud9
access and collaborating with other team members in real time, and
Cloud9 integrations with other AWS services.
By the end of this course,
you'll know how to use Cloud9 for cloud‑based software development
and how to use Cloud9 features to optimize software development
processes. Before beginning in this course,
you should have some general programming and cloud knowledge to
fully understand and grasp the concepts covered.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to learn Cloud9 with the Coding in Cloud9 IDE course here at Pluralsight.